between lamadrid who used a
replacement for difficult moments like
vicente del bosque to move forward
complex situations real madrid 3 fc
barcelona 0 inaugurated february february
year sleep and van gaal this time the
things were not going to mystic as well
captain of FC Barcelona we have seen there
the box and now the authorities
Remote-controlled missile is very controversial
also very controversial not because it was
illegal or legal but by the poor arnau
goalkeeper who left the quarry of
barça and that this goal practically
condemned not to succeed
very much
arnau had to have stopped that listing
of aspar and that we saw in the rival pact
of a pique with fernando round between
the twelve had an impressive pick
whenever a rival of
round roberto carlos dress by
medium much tension and before we saw
nicolas anelka now we are going to see
score but score his first goal his
first goal we are in february
and in which he scored his first goal is
true that he did not have to do too much
but it is also amazing is data laughs
of lorenzo sanz yes logically
with everything that had cost from the first
Goal of Anelka Liga
funny launch of lack of rival
is almost on the outside of the wood of the
controversial image guardiola deputy
of salgado and morientes that after
control turns
with splendid both 30
tell here
not with too much good memory
the striking result so
we were seeing